This time with a Hello care before everyone of the screen I want to do better after a long time Yone Yeah pick generation
We think
Well this time a little on that request yeah a little 5
Consumption tax is I thought that if let's was digested with consumers
Is it I'm piece eating recently that I think let's do it better of there
A skip sleep a rocket
To Kusumi, please keep in the waterhouse plan shoot with a dash and a pot or not
There was something to do, but I thought that I would do it for a while
Let's skip in a immediately Ano rocket of manual cat of long box
It is a skeleton but this is just
It was
I do not know why it is the key to fly this cat
Settle for talking to when you First, a here thought I want to do right away
I forgot the way if it was good for electromagnetics a little more recently
We have each other and N artists Tsu putt
Immediately Well in it good this because I won the
Operation There are so-so in some of the you can operate a little bit I like the old days of that airplane students
Would not you have sweet words Once stable um
Oh-a little subtle or good writing
I'm stable, I 'm talking about that
Roots and bus a bit, but I was there and please Oite I lake until there is more of the request
Strict guard in that pretty my arms
A little because it seems think that one pretty tough in here maneuvers
Well, I 'll wait for a while and I won't buy it again
I would like to separate it forgiveness and get off normally with nosing
Well, I will say next time, but I will wait for a while.
It from Is that a little before say quite
Gley also there was I ne Well a bit recently is that please skip the glider
How do you do
Well if there are of like a question whether that request but I want to do there Monet
Ne
I'm thinking of a glider response ok I'm stuck in my head at all
Just because the just do not fly Naa's citric still street
It will be in shape to separate talk in the air hanging between selling to Toka Well large machine
I think it 's about down there if you can fly at all
Hey !
Well
After all speed is falling on the way, is n't it?
I can not say that I can secure the wind and buy , for example, factory pottery .
I Well What interesting still, but I think to be a ridge considerably stall slightly from the soil
I hope to do Yes Re balance tongue to a little calibration
Well I like this rocket so much gradient power
I do not have even thought that close to the rocket only Well saw eyes I Well that form or just above
Did you feel like a square shape?
I also put out a heat wave but what So I'm not much I Well power because it is
Enter a little shall we talk to care
Yes
It has come out a little there but it is are you once this key violation
Child I Shall we dropped earlier
Oh, I'm gone now I feel like this
Actually a rocket or something like that may be the key speaking person
Is a form to say Oh I think you say this kind of not a do you say that that triangle salt water Do Te What
Ne
In parachute will open Iun
That ha ha ha
Well then
Naa was yan Do not clean or the punch line with a ne hot do
Can you just wholesale the rocket beautifully in a little more
Wait till
I I'd want you to get off at I mean that escape pod which can be Baano This reverse winding
A little Hen only be horizontal, et al. That made rocket
Would you like to term control
I'm leaving
Pretty good when Why fly it or would you fly clean've done this at the time such
I have no words
Let's let this land just cleanly
There Huh
8 fine I'll take you that I am array good Ne rocket Hey, why do fly this stable
Is not it
Oh what about this escape pod a
It's not a 1000 meter battle meter . A parachute around 1000 feet.
I much here in or let's open the image to open the
Why only said to be encamped next to position this or Anonaru only control in the next to parachute
While
I would like to land it
How about that
I say something good when you go down a bit
It is stable, isn't it?
Same book
Ha ha ha
I wondered if I would like to fly this beautifully
It's said that it will be totally stable if something goes down in the tunnel
Let's open the parachute after a little more
Oh, until
After all , the balance is broken when it flies, but when it is falling, it invites high stability for a while
Yon-
Let's say the place of filter paper and
That
It was multiplied considerably it is difficult to adjust the output in this or would not you say it is like this
Ne
Yoshi Yoshi Shall we go to the Well smartphone
It's quite stable, isn't it?
Oh
this
I perfect it might cause folded that Kuraiko really good
I guess that is also ne this new way to play with that say something this
a also yeah
Such a new thing that I do not want to say that I would like to find something
There is no this wen pics, but I will find a way to play
I said that last time, but the noodles pick sly this really is the possibility is endless
Oyoshi Yoshi once Please Wait a minute this just by landing
It is ok . 4 clothes or less let's go about success
Do you go down slowly this way
And Oh raised to a little more of the above with you I once inclined
Once raise
It will be stable when the output is cut off and falls down, so let's stabilize it.
Oh yeah but not so stable
But it will be stable
So I guess it's a bit subtle, and I think it's tempting to drop high points
There is
But I could not Well good Hey
It is such a feeling-
A little of the method of the request that has been our sleep a little tried to do more of the request
I and I was different, but such a feeling of Well
I was able to fly rockets before at a department store or part of that area
Ne
I gave a rotary rocket, but after all such a rocket would add rotational rotation
A little this and over there Well I think I fly rather well
I like this without giving the rotation in the fact that I want to Well I usually raised using the there-to-low
Why I tried it, but I wonder how it was, and I sleep for 8 hours .
You may change it
Hang the big glider with a big machine or something
a I want to control the glider separately in the sky
It may be a little short this time
How would have been just below it will be introduced towards the last month of pregnancy
Please try again if it is a cross type
Wen pics were love